feat: add `pymapdl help` CLI command to print MAPDL command docstrings (#4571)
ansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/cli.rst

:ref:`ref_cli_converter`.

.. _ref_cli_help:

Get help
========

> The CLI provides a generic help command that lists available MAPDL keywords and

Author: ```suggestion
The command-line tool provides a generic help command that lists available MAPDL keywords and
```
